---
title: "Shows"
bg: green
color: white
fa-icon: star
icon: img/cir-show.png
---

###*I have lots of experience with:*

##MAGIC, COMEDY, JUGGLING, ESCAPES, PICK-POCKETING, MIND READING, AND MORE!

The best way to choose from all the great San Francisco magicians is to read
their reviews on Yelp, watch their videos on Youtube, and call them on the
phone to get a feel for their personality. Ask a lot of questions and if you
feel there is a good connection, that they explained exactly what they do
clearly , and they understand your needs, then you have found your
entertainer.

###*I offer:*
{: style="text-align:left"}

- **Stand up Show** - I can do a comedy magic show that lasts from 5 to 60 minutes (to fill the time that is best for your needs)
- **Master of Ceremonies** I can host, MC, moderate a panel discussion, be your auctioneer, and even ringmaster to keep your event running smoothly
- **Multiple Shows** - I can do the same show multiple times for different audiences or different shows for the same audience. series of shows for your event
- **Close-Up Magic** - I can do magic up close and personal at your special event. It is also called strolling, mingling, walk around, and atmosphere entertainment.
- **Large Illusions** - I can perform a large illusion show with an assistant to make your VIP appear magically and to highlight your theme, message, and/or product.
- **Variety Show** - I can provide a show with comedians, magicians, jugglers, acrobats, contorionists, and just about whatever you can think of. I will put it together with all of the great entertainers I have worked with over the years.
- **Team Building Workshops** - I can provide an interactive workshop for your employees that is fun, challenging, and gets everyone using the same set of craetivity and communication skills.
- **Combination of the Above** - Every event and every audience is unique. I am committed to creating the perfect show that fulfills your vision!
{: .square}
